[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the season 1 recap of
killing Eve be warned I will be spoiling
all of season 1 so proceed with caution
eople ass tree is a board desk-bound mi5
agent who harbors an unexplainable
obsession for female serial killers
Eve's mi5 crew includes Elena Felton her
cunning assistant and Vil par Grave her
best friend and boss Frank Hilton gets
an honourable mention as Eve's
top mi5 boss and is generally detested
by everyone villanelle is a cold-blooded
psychopathic assassin with an
unexplainable fixation on older women
with luscious dark hair she works for
the mysterious 12 a shadowy organization
that picks her unfortunate targets
Constantine is a Russian intelligence
agent and villanelles handler playing
middleman between her and the 12 he
holds a fatherly affection for
villanelle but is very aware of how
dangerous she truly is Eve is late for
an emergency mi5 meeting and is being
briefed by Elena it seems a Russian
politician who dabbled in sex
trafficking has been murdered in Vienna
Elena also informs her that mi6
superstar
Carolyn Martens has temporarily joined
the team
Carolyn works for the mi6 Russian desk
and this is very important to remember
after studying the evidence
Ladykiller obsessed Eve is convinced a
woman did it and of course no one takes
her seriously
but Eve's ears perk up when she hears
there was a witness to the murder
Hacha the politicians polish girlfriend
fresh off of killing the Russian
politician villanelle is in Italy ready
to dispatch of her next hit we watch as
she seamlessly blends into a private
family gathering then gleefully
assassinates her mafioso target by
stabbing him in the eye with a hair pin
infused with poison bill informs Eve
that this
CCTV footage confirms the killer is a
man but Eve is still unconvinced
although her only job is to set up
security for Kasia she goes to the
police station to question her instead
Kasia is traumatized and high and only
speaks in Polish but what she reveals
proves Eve right Kasia calls the killer
flat-chested insinuating it's a woman
Konstantin wakes up villanelle and after
her conquests from the night before
leave he instructs her to take care of
witness Kasia and make it look like a
suicide
her recent hits have been attracting too
much attention villanelle is disguised
as a nurse and getting ready to off
Kasia she walks out of the bathroom
stall and runs into a nervous Eve Eve
has snuck a Polish sneaking teenager
into the hospital to question Kasia in a
second unauthorized interview villanelle
is struck by Eve or more specifically
Eve's hair she tells Eve to leave it
down then walks out eve takes
villanelles advice and when she returns
to kosh's room she finds not only Kasia
brutally murdered but a nurse and two
guards as well in the ensuing fallout
Eve is fired for conducting an illegal
investigation
amongst other things but is immediately
recruited by Carolyn at the head a
secret mi6 task force to track down the
female assassin while villanelle is busy
assassinating more people even gets
settled into her new mi6 gig she
recruits Elena and Bill to join a task
force which consists of herself and
Kenny a computer geek and Carolyn's son
meanwhile Konstantin is concerned by
villanelles growing recklessness like
how she slashed Cash's throat when she
was supposed to make it look like a
suicide
Constantine drags her to a therapist for
a check-up villanelle refuses to be
serious until the therapist asks her if
she still dreams of Anna after the
session Konstantin still isn't convinced
villanelles at a hundred percent and
demands she takes some time off and keep
a low profile villanelles version of
keeping a low profile is to continue
assassinating her target in extravagant
way
she kills the high-profile founder of a
cosmetics company
with poisoned perfume and absolutely
blows while watching the woman die
Constantine is pissed and the two have a
row he eventually tells villanelle about
the secret task force investigating her
and the woman in charge of it
villanelle Google's Eve and lo and
behold it's the luscious haired woman
from the bathroom back at mi6
headquarters Eve has the same
realization and puts her team to work
searching for the fake nurses identity
villanelles back to doing what she does
best and this time the target is a
Chinese businessman and the setting is a
kinky brothel disguised as a medical
clinic villanelle dispatches of the man
with her trademark showmanship and if
that weren't enough she uses Eve's name
as an alias the calling card lures even
vil to Berlin and villanelle sets up
shop across the street at a cafe and
watches them while even bill learn about
the businessman he was a hacker for the
Chinese military villanelle steals Eve's
luggage and hires a middle-aged actress
the same size as Eve or a little
roleplay the Chinese government is
conducting their own investigation and
Eve agrees to a dinner date with a lusty
official in exchange for information
all the while villanelle hides in the
shadows watching Eve closely and even
records her private conversations with
husband Nikko
but when villanelle attempts to follow
Eve to the meeting with the Chinese
official bill notices her and begins to
follow that's right he pursues a
psychotic serial killer
all by himself Neal is to say it doesn't
end well for Bill and villanelle stabs
him to death in a club Eve is both
grief-stricken and livid after bills
funeral telling Elena she wants to kill
villanelle with her bare hands in Paris
villanelle throws Constantine a birthday
party even though it's not his birthday
like Eve Constantine is livid with
villanelle and tells her that killing
Vil was over-the-line villanelle then
lets it slip that she knows Constantine
has a daughter
Constantine's shaken but still informs
villanelle that she's been demoted since
she can't be trusted to work alone
she'll have to learn to work with others
villanelle joins her new assassin
co-workers Diego and Nadia and is
immediately attacked by Nadia a former
lover she double-crossed Diego Nadia's
new lover breaks up the fight they have
a mission to take care of first their
target is Frank Hylton who you may
remember as Eve's old mi5 boss oh why
Frank Eve is still working through the
five stages of grief and poor hubby Nico
is trying to be supportive but all he
gets is the cold shoulder Eve is in a
rough place her best friend is dead
and her marriage is beginning to feel a
little rocky but at least her stolen
luggage has been recovered and returned
to her Eve is shocked to find her
luggage filled with brand-new designer
clothes a bottle of la villanelle
perfume and an apology note from the
assassin thanks to the lusty Chinese
officials tip even crew now possess
information linking their former boss
Frank to some shady electronic transfers
and Eve soon realizes Frank is a
department mole being paid off to hinder
their investigation into villanelle now
it's a race to locate Frank even her
crew to confront him and villanelle and
her crew to kill him the killers show up
first and Frank's mother tells them he's
gone but as they're leaving they see
Frank make a break for it and they give
chase he eventually ditches his car and
hides in the bushes as the assassins
close in they rein gunfire on his car
then thanks to a little manipulation
from villanelle Nadia kills Diego after
the super trustworthy villanelle runs
her over twice while all this is going
on even crew catch up to Frank Eve calls
him and in
urges him to make a run for it but
villanelle spots Frank and goes after
him Frank makes it to Eve's car and
jumps in but instead of flooring it Eve
becomes transfixed by the approaching
villanelle
after villanelle shoots several bullets
into Eve's car Eve's like you know what
I'm gonna get out and talk to her Eve
approaches and villanelle first aims her
gun at Eve then points it at her own
head a terrified Eve screams and
villanelle laughs shoots at Eve's feet
then disappears Eve takes Frank to a
safe house where he confesses to her and
Carolyn about the shady organization
that was paying him off it consists of a
group of 12 powerful people who go by
the name the 12 Frank says the 12s only
goal is to sow chaos he also tells her
villanelles real name is Oksana on the
way home from the safe house Eve drives
her fist through the glass pane of a bus
stop and afterward seems shocked by her
impulsive violence back at headquarters
Kenney uncovers more information on
villanelle aka Oksana one she was a
Russian prisoner who supposedly died
four years ago and too she was
incarcerated for killing a man and
chopping off his knob apparently this is
the type of information that gets Eve's
juices flowing
she runs home slips on one of these
slinky designer dresses from villanelle
spritzes herself with la villanelle and
lets her hair down just the way
villanelle likes it she goes downstairs
with a glass of wine to dig into
Oksana's prison file and guess who's
waiting for her Eve is terrified and
runs upstairs and hides in the bathroom
villanelle gives chase and after dousing
Eve with water she convinces her or
forces her to come downstairs and have
dinner villanelle insists that Eve
change into dry clothes
she then tenderly helps Eve undress and
I have to say after having watched
villanelle brutally murder countless
people her gentleness with Eve is almost
off-putting you're just waiting for her
to strike during dinner villanelle
attempts to play the victim and pleased
with Eve to help her escape the big bat
12 but Eve sees right through it she
calls villanelle an [ __ ] and a
psychopath
then by her real name Eve demands to
know who villanelle works for and
villanelle insinuates that she and Eve
probably work for the same people Eve
then reaches for a nice but villanelle
easily gets the upper hand and pushes
Eve against the fridge in one of the
seasons most sexually charged scenes
Nikko arrives home just in time and
villanelle leaves but not before swiping
Eve's phone and her dress thanks to the
information on Eve's phone villanelle
finds Frank at the safehouse and
dispatches of him in characteristic
style she dresses him in Eve's dress and
chops off his nob Constantine checks in
on villanelle to see how the job went
she lies and tells him that Diego ran
over Nadia
therefore villanelle was forced to shoot
him in self-defense
she's full of [ __ ] and Constantine knows
it especially because Nadia is still
alive something that needs to be
remedied villanelle and Constantine arse
outside of the Russian prison where
Nadia is currently being held the plan
is to smuggle villanelle inside have her
kill Nadia then sneak her back out but
villanelle is afraid that once she's
inside the prison Constantine will leave
her there to rot back in London Kenny
reports that Nadia was taken to a Moscow
prison and even Carolyn decide to fly to
Russia in the hopes of using Carolyn's
Russian ties to secure an interview but
before they leave even Nikko get into
yet another squabble but this one ends
in Eve punching him in the face they
touched down in Moscow and immediately
hook up with Carolyn's Russian contact
and former lover
Vladimir as well as his colleague
Konstantin yep that Constantine who
you'll remember isn't just a creepy 12
goon but also a Russian intelligence
agent Eve takes an immediate dislike to
Constantine but watches as Carolyn
finesses an interview with Nadia from
Vladimir in exchange for information
Carolyn received from Frank's mom who
really wasn't Frank's mom but a sleeper
Russian agent put in place by the 12 Eve
throws in that an assassin named Oksana
broken
to her house and perhaps Nadia knows her
inside the prison while villanelle is
plotting her kill Carolyn Eve and
Constantine arrived to interview Nadia
even Carolyn watch as a jacked up Nadia
hobbles in they offer her Asylum and to
pluck her out of prison in exchange for
any information about the 12 Nadia is
about to flip on Constantine when the
man himself walks through the door and
sits down bhai Eve and Carolyn Nadia
changes tactics and instead tells the
women to go find Anna the wife of the
man Oksana killed to land her in prison
in the first place later on even Carolyn
are having drinks when Carolyn confesses
to having had affairs with both Vladimir
and Constantine back in the day she also
admitted to letting Vladimir take the
blame in the 80s for leaked information
related to a plot to sell plutonium
although her true source was Constantine
he becomes suspicious of just how close
Carolyn and her Russian exes are she
calls London and has Kenney investigate
Carolyn's claims Eve then goes behind
Carolyn's back and attempts to strike a
deal with Vladimir even wants Nadia in
exchange for the Russian sleeper agent
in mi6 custody vlad tells her to kick
rocks and is about to leave when Eve
tells him she knows he didn't leak the
plutonium plot to Carolyn all those
years ago even cysts
she knows who Carolyn's real source was
and will give Blatt a mere proof we
can't forget about our girl villanelle
who still has a job to do back in the
pin she stabs two guards and finally
kills Nadia who prior to being killed
was able to write a note to Eve and slip
it outside her cell door villanelle is
then sent to solitary confinement where
her initial fears are realized
Constantine has left her inside to rot
it's the next morning and Eve catches
Carolyn sneaking into the hotel wearing
the same outfit from the night before
Carolyn tells her Vladimir had a sudden
change of heart and is now willing to
give them Nadia before Eve can
question her further Carolyn gets word
that Nadia has been murdered over
breakfast Eve asked Constantine for an
interview with Nadia's murderer but he
refuses Eve is convinced villanelle
killed Nadia
but Carolyn's like oh well Carolyn takes
Eve to the mi6 Moscow headquarters where
Kenny has just been flown in to help Eve
is convinced villanelle is the prisoner
who killed Nadia and after Kinney offers
to hack into the prison surveillance
system to find out Carolyn suddenly
orders both of them back to London
even Knorr the orders and she and Kenny
stay in Russia
Kenny's research utter some freaky love
letters between his mother and
Constantine from the 70s and Eve now has
the proof she needs to convince Vladimir
of Carolyn's betrayal meanwhile back in
the pen villanelle is finally released
from solitary and in some crazy-ass
beatrix she's freed from prison by
operatives from the 12 she then meets
her new handler Anton who she
immediately kills but not before he
gives her her next target
Constantine taking Nadia's advice he
finds Anna and learns about Oksana's
past Anna was Oksana's teacher and felt
drawn to help the violent girl who no
one seemed to care for Oksana
soon became infatuated with Anna gifting
her expensive clothing and perfume when
Anna tried to put the brakes on things
Oksana killed her husband and as we
already know chopped off his knob anna
tells Eve that a few months ago she
received a designer white coat in the
mail and has a hunch it's from Oksana
Eve cuts open the coats lining and finds
villanelles passport and a wad of cash
which Eve stuffs in her purse and as
she's leaving anna tells her to be
careful because she's villanelles type
back at Moscow HQ Kenny has hacked into
the prison surveillance system and Eve
watches footage of Carolyn meeting with
villanelle before her escape villanelle
is now a free agent and poor Konstantin
finds this out the ha
way he arrives home to find his family
missing and villanelle waiting for him
she has hidden his family somewhere and
although she's going to kill him
she might spare his family if he's a
good boy while she questions him she
forces him to take handfuls of pills
with whiskey she asks him who the 12 are
but he says he doesn't know because he
isn't a keeper
then constantine makes a run for it and
just manages to get away villanelle is
holding Constantine's daughter Irina
hostage and he seeks out Eve and
Carolyn's help he confesses that he's
villanelles next target but of course he
has no idea why thinking villanelle
might contact on a next even konstantin
raced to Ana's house but villanelle has
already beaten him there with Irina in
tow villanelle searches for the passport
and money she hid in the white coat but
instead finds a note left by Eve Anna
and villanelle then have a good
old-fashioned standoff which ends in
Anna committing suicide villanelle then
calls Eve and offers her a deal
Constantine's daughter for villanelles
money and passport villanelle and Irina
meet Eve and Constantin at a cafe
although even villanelle have their guns
trained on each other neither can bring
themselves to shoot villanelle shoots
konstantin in the stomach then takes off
with her loot on their way home to
London Carolyn tells Eve and Kenny that
Konstantin has died and more importantly
she knows all about E's secret deal with
Vladimir and how Kenny stole her love
letters to Constantine she then fires
both of them Eve is now a lone wolf and
her obsession with villanelle has
reached an all-time high with Elena's
help she tracks down villanelle to her
Paris apartment where the two find
themselves once again alone together and
after a few minutes of chatting things
get real Eve tells villanelle she thinks
about her all the time and villanelle
responds the same confessing to Eve she
also enjoys masturbating while thinking
of her they lied next to each other on
villanelles bed Eve I've never done
anything like this before
villanelle it's okay I know what I'm
doing moments before the twisted love
scene we've waited all season for Eve
pulls out a knife and stabs villanelle
in the stomach Eve seems more shocked
than villanelle and runs to the kitchen
to find something to stop the bleeding
villanelle shoots at Eve from the
bedroom and when Eve returns from the
kitchen villanelle is gone and that is
it for the recap thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
so you don't miss the rest of my killing
Eve videos and I'll see you guys next
week